Privacy Policy

I. Introduction
Welcome to use the Energy Storage Defender APP. We attach great importance to the protection of users' privacy and personal information. This Privacy Policy is intended to set out clearly and transparently how we collect, use, store, share and protect your personal information, as well as your rights and choices regarding the protection of your personal information.

2. Collection and use of personal information
Basic Information: When you register or use this application, we may collect your email address and other basic identification information in order to provide you with account management and other services. You may agree whether or not to authorize the App to obtain such information.
Device information: We collect information related to your use of the app, such as device model, operating system version, etc., to optimize the user experience and quality of service.

3.Use and sharing of information
We only use and share your personal information to provide you with services, improve service quality, fulfill legal and regulatory requirements, safeguard legitimate rights and interests, and obtain your explicit consent.

4. Information security guarantee
We take a variety of technical and organizational measures to protect your personal information from unauthorized access, public disclosure, use, modification, damage or loss.
For operations involving sensitive user information, we use encryption technology for transmission and storage.

5. Your Rights
You have the right to access, correct and delete your personal information and to request restrictions on the processing of your personal information.
You may choose to turn off certain types of information collection, but please note that this may affect your normal use of some features of the App.
If you decide not to use the App anymore, you can apply for cancellation of your account, and we will delete your personal account and related information within the period prescribed by law.

6. Changes to Privacy policy
We will update this Privacy Policy in a timely manner according to business development, legal and regulatory requirements, and other factors. If there are significant changes, we will notify you in a prominent position in the app or through other means.

7. Contact Us
If you have any questions, comments or suggestions about our privacy policy, please feel free to contact us through the in-app customer service system or designated contact information, we will respond and deal with it as soon as possible.